README.md, before:

# Kafka Connect JDBC Connector
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fconfluentinc%2Fkafka-connect-jdbc.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fconfluentinc%2Fkafka-connect-jdbc?ref=badge_shield)


kafka-connect-jdbc is a [Kafka Connector](http://kafka.apache.org/documentation.html#connect)
for loading data to and from any JDBC-compatible database.

Documentation for this connector can be found [here](http://docs.confluent.io/current/connect/connect-jdbc/docs/index.html).

# Development

To build a development version you'll need a recent version of Kafka as well as a set of upstream Confluent projects, which you'll have to build from their appropriate snapshot branch. See the [FAQ](https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-jdbc/wiki/FAQ)
for guidance on this process.

You can build kafka-connect-jdbc with Maven using the standard lifecycle phases.

# FAQ

Refer frequently asked questions on Kafka Connect JDBC here -
https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-jdbc/wiki/FAQ

# Contribute

Contributions can only be accepted if they contain appropriate testing. For example, adding a new dialect of JDBC will require an integration test.

- Source Code: https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-jdbc
- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-jdbc/issues

# Information

For more information, check the documentation for the JDBC connector on the [confluent.io](https://docs.confluent.io/current/connect/kafka-connect-jdbc/index.html) website. Questions related to the connector can be asked on [Community Slack](https://launchpass.com/confluentcommunity) or the [Confluent Platform Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/confluent-platform/).

# License

This project is licensed under the [Confluent Community License](LICENSE).


[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fconfluentinc%2Fkafka-connect-jdbc.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fconfluentinc%2Fkafka-connect-jdbc?ref=badge_large)

Commit message:

Added support for UUID for mssql (source) and postgresql (sink).

README.md, after:

# Kafka Connect JDBC Connector
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fconfluentinc%2Fkafka-connect-jdbc.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fconfluentinc%2Fkafka-connect-jdbc?ref=badge_shield)


kafka-connect-jdbc is a [Kafka Connector](http://kafka.apache.org/documentation.html#connect)
for loading data to and from any JDBC-compatible database.

Documentation for this connector can be found [here](http://docs.confluent.io/current/connect/connect-jdbc/docs/index.html).

# About this fork

This fork was only made to add UUID support for mssql (source) and postgresql (sink).

# Development

To build a development version you'll need a recent version of Kafka as well as a set of upstream Confluent projects, which you'll have to build from their appropriate snapshot branch. See the [FAQ](https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-jdbc/wiki/FAQ)
for guidance on this process.

You can build kafka-connect-jdbc with Maven using the standard lifecycle phases.

# FAQ

Refer frequently asked questions on Kafka Connect JDBC here -
https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-jdbc/wiki/FAQ

# Contribute

Contributions can only be accepted if they contain appropriate testing. For example, adding a new dialect of JDBC will require an integration test.

- Source Code: https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-jdbc
- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-jdbc/issues

# Information

For more information, check the documentation for the JDBC connector on the [confluent.io](https://docs.confluent.io/current/connect/kafka-connect-jdbc/index.html) website. Questions related to the connector can be asked on [Community Slack](https://launchpass.com/confluentcommunity) or the [Confluent Platform Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/confluent-platform/).

# License

This project is licensed under the [Confluent Community License](LICENSE).


[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fconfluentinc%2Fkafka-connect-jdbc.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fconfluentinc%2Fkafka-connect-jdbc?ref=badge_large)
